Well, what we have today here is a breadboard as well.
So this is just a temporary workspace for you as you're building circuits without soldering.
So it's good to note that you have two different sections of a breadboard.
You have this section which appears twice at the top and at the bottom and you also
have the middle section.
So what's the most important thing to know about a breadboard?
Well for this top section, it's good to know that the rails are connected horizontally
you can say, along like this up to the very end.
So usually you have a plus and a minus, this represents the 5 volts and the other is usually
the ground.
It's the same story down here.
Whereas here in the middle, the rails are connected vertically.
So whatever is for the same vertical line, if you plug in a wire here, it'll be at the
same potential or have the same voltage as a pin along the same line, but a few dots
below.
So that's one thing you should know.